Dearest Mamo,
Listen to this: Rei
is posing as a
fortune teller so she
can find out Seiya
and my secrets! Can
you believe her?!
Huh? Who does my
heart belong to, you
ask? ÷[{chuckling]
You'll just have to
watch and find out!
Fighter Star Power
Make Up!
Seiya?!
Duty or Friendship:
Conflict Between the
Sailor Guardians!
I guess Seiya, Yaten,
and Taiki chose not to
come to school today.
It's fine! I'm sure
they'll show up
tomorrow!
Do you really think
so?
Eh-em!
[sighing]
Oh! You're Right!
Yeah, don't worry!
But can you believe
that the Three Lights
were actually girls
this whole time?
There goes my shot at
a famous boyfriend!
Yeah, but we're
still friends with
them. After all, it
doesn't change who
they are, right?
Eh--
There are more
important things to
worry about here!
[grunting]
W-What?
I assume they have a
good reason for
hiding their true
identities. And
also for becoming
idols.
It does make me
wonder why they came
here from outside the
solar system.
Usagi... What's
wrong?
Well, I guess I'm
still in shock about
all of this.
In shock?
It felt like we were
starting to get along
with those three
pretty well, but
in the end,
we knew nothing
about each other.
Yeah, you're
right.
Well, we didn't
actually tell them
anything about
our secrets,
either.
Bun-head!
I--
Oh?
Why are you sitting
alone in the dark?
Seiya! Snap
out of it!
Uh?
Oh, uh, sorry. What
was that?
Listen, now's not
the time to be zoning
out, okay?
Did you forget?
[exhaling]
You remember our top
priority, don't
you?
Yeah... it's to
find our princess.
That's right.
But the problem is
those five girls keep
showing up.
Maybe its not a
problem.
Every time they cause
a scene out there, it
draws Galaxia's
attention further
away from us.
That's a good
point.
In fact, it would be
much better for us if
the battle between
Sailor Moon and
Galaxia escalated.
Thats enough!
Those girls are
putting their lives
on the line in order
to protect their
planet!
And you guys intend
on using them?! You
should be ashamed!
I see. So
that's it.
[gasping]
You're just mad
'cause you're
worried about that
girl, aren't you?
What?!
Humph! Well, I'm
right, aren't I?
Knock it off,
both of you.
[grunting]
Look, I know you're
getting so defensive
about Sailor Moon
because you see too
much of our princess
in her.
There is only one
princess for us, Seiya.
Please remember that.
Hm.
I, Sailor Tin Nyanko,
along with Crow
here...
Mm.
... have agreed to
team up so that we
could hopefully be of
greater use to you,
Master Galaxia.
Isn't that right?
Excuse me?
Mm.
You do remember our
agreement, don't
you, Crow?
Come on!
No, wait! Please,
forgive me!
That planet...
Huh?
Oh, the solar system.
That third planet
there.
I sense a huge wave
of power from it.
Huh? From that remote
planet? No way!
I plan to conquer the
entire galaxy and no
one shall interfere.
Oh, right. Yes of
course.
I refuse to even
allow the existence
of those who oppose
me. That entire
planet could die for
all I care.
Hurry and bring me
every last Star Seed
you find there.
There is not a
moment to lose.
Hm.
Just as you wish.
[grunting]
Ugh, how annoying!
Just when I thought
this job couldn't
get any worse.
And that Crow chick
doesn't seem too
useful either.
The hell this?
Once trash, always
trash.
Excuse me, what are
you doing?
Oh look, Trash Part
2. Can't you tell?
I'm getting rid
of garbage.
What? How dare you?!
Siren took her job
seriously until her
last breath!
Yeah, right.
Master Galaxia killed
her off because she
was a loser who
couldn't complete
the task she was
assigned.
[grunting]
If you're not
careful, then
it's likely
you'll end up the
same way.
Just shut up!
Listen... No need to
get worked up.
You'll see. I'm
going to prove you
wrong about Siren.
Yep, she's gonna be
as useless as I
thought.
Visit Fuku-Fuku
Department Store's
new fortune telling
area and enter a
world of mystery.
Can't believe
Grandpa volunteered
me for this job
without asking.
And what's with
this weird get up?
If someone from
school sees me
like this,
then my life
is over.
Um...
You open?
O-Oh! Come in.
(thinking)
Wow, he's pretty
cute.
Seiya?! Of course I
see someone I know
right away.
You see, I keep
thinking about
this girl.
Could he be talking
about Usagi?!
One who I've
actually been lying
to for some time now.
I was going to tell
her the truth,
but she found out
before I had a
chance to.
What do I do? He's
confessing things I
can't help him with!
It's obvious my
friends aren't
happy about me being
distracted by how I
feel about all this.
But it's not like I
don't already know
that this isn't the
time to get
sidetracked.
And besides... She
may not even decide
to forgive me for
lying to her.
But all I wanna do is
see her again!
I just... don't know
what to do anymore.
[chuckling]
I'm an idiot.
Seeking out an
answer from some
fortune teller.
Well... sorry.
Wait!
Crap. But I can't
let him leave like
this.
If you could please
sit back down, sir.
Great. Now what
do I do?
It wouldn't be a
problem, if I had an
answer for this.
Do you see something?
The answer
that you seek.
[gasping]
It's--
Unclear.
[grunting]
It's important that
you be sincere.
If you truly feel bad
about lying, then go
apologize to this
girl. I think
that's a good place
for you to start.
Ya know...
Hm?
You got a pretty keen
eye there.
It was silly of me to
go straight to a
fortune teller
instead of just doing
what needed to be
done.
But I'm glad that I
did, 'cause you helped
me see the light.
So Thank you.
I almost had a heart
attack. Can I go
home yet?!
[panicking]
C-Come in.
(thinking)
[gasping] Usagi?!
Uh--There's this
boy that I've been
thinking a lot about.
Huh?!
(thinking)
Uh-oh.
[clearing throat]
I'm sensing that
you have a boyfriend
already, don't you?
Yeah, I do. But the
boy I'm talking
about isn't someone
who I'm in love
with.
[sighing]
Well, that's
a relief.
Huh?
Uh, go on.
Well, something
kind of awkward
happened recently and
I wanted to talk to
him about it in
person, but he
hasn't been at
school. I don't
know what to do.
You're better at
taking action than
you are at thinking,
right? So just do the
first thing that
comes to your mind.
How did--
[groaning]
If he's not at
school, then
go to him.
But... I don't even
know where he is
right now.
Find him.
[sighing]
Telling yourself
you can't find him
without even trying
is merely an excuse!
You're worried that
he might reject you
or refuse to talk to
you. But if you're
afraid and keep
running away,
you'll only end up
losing what's
really important!
You're good. How
is it you know so
much about me?!
It's easy when
you've know someone
as long as I've
known you at this
point. Duh.
[gasping]
It's you, Rei?!
All that matters is
having the courage to
do what needs to be
done. You can dwell
on what he thinks
after you go see him
and tell him what's
been on your mind.
The Usagi Tsukino I
know would stand tall
and face her
problems,
no matter what!
Here!
Uh!
[gasping]
Wait, this is--
This is Jack's
Evening Guest where I
read your letters and
play requests.
Joining me here
tonight are the
members of teen idol
group, the Three
Lights.
Thanks to you guys,
we seem to have a lot
of women in our
studio audience.
I'm told the number
of people buying
tickets to attend
tonight's show
skyrocketed, due to
your popularity.
Now, why don't you
pick a postcard and
song request from our
listeners, Seiya?
Uh... hello?
Seiya!
Yes?
How about you pick a
postcard now?
Sure.
Hm. We've gotta
start again from
somewhere, right?
Okay. Can you please
play the song, "To
the Shooting Star"?
Hm?!
This one's
from Starlight.
I don't remember
that postcard.
♪♪Search for your love♪♪
Dear Miss
Moonlight...
[gasping]
♪♪♪♪You'd always shine
so bright, just like
a little star...♪♪♪♪
♪♪♪♪I felt my heart
ignite, every time
you'd smile.♪♪♪♪
Please, forgive me.
♪♪♪♪Memories I'll
cherish forever...♪♪♪♪
I didn't mean to
deceive you.
Even now, I can't
tell you the details
yet. But someday...
we'll understand
each other.
(thinking)
Seiya, I'm
sorry, too.
I never tried to
understand who you
really were.
But now I want to
know. So, I'll be
here, ready to tell
the truth when you
are, too.
Here.
Thanks!
[chatting]
Thanks so much for
coming today.
No, thank you.
Because, I mean, you
know, that message.
Uh--
Maybe... not now.
But someday, we will
understand.
Yeah, someday.
Come on, that's
enough, Seiya!
This doesn't just
affect you, stop
being so selfish.
I'm really sorry!
Seiya's not to
blame. This is
all my fault!
Back off!
None of this concerns
you, so stay out of
it.
Hey, don't speak to
her like that, Taiki!
Why do you keep
defending her?!
[man screaming]
[panting]
[grunting]
Seiya!
Let her go.
Uh!
Moon Eternal Make
Up!
Ugh-not again.
Hold it right there!
[gasping]
I will never forgive
you for this! How
dare you stop a DJ
from playing sweet
love songs to people!
I am the Pretty
Guardian!
Who fights for
love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of
the Moon... I'll
punish you!
Ugh--Sailor DJ!
All right!
[gasping]
For anyone out there
who's just tuning
in, this one's
for you! Now, hit it!
[yelping]
Uh huh! Running
won't solve
anything.
Try smiling more,
cutie!
Who are you calling
cutie?!
Come on now. Get
up... and dance!
[panicking]
Cut it out!
You're mine!
Mars Flame Sniper!
[struggling]
You're here!
Come on don't give
up, Sailor Moon!
Silver Moon!
Crystal Power
Kiss!
[struggling]
Beautiful!
Dammit. It's 'cause
of you that Siren is...
I'm gonna make you
pay for what you did
to her!
Sailor Moon...
Stay back, we've
got this one!
No!
I refuse to run from
a fight!
Geez.
I came here to see
how she was doing
and it's worse
than I thought.
You'd have to be a
real idiot to fight
them head-on.
It's our sworn duty
to protect this
planet!
That's no excuse!
[chuckling]
Ready!
[gasping]
Bun-head!
[screaming]
[gasping]
[grunting]
Seiya!
Please, wake up!
What are you doing
here, Nyanko?!
I came because I knew
I couldn't trust you
to finish the job.
Star Sensitive
Inferno!
Star Gentle Uterus!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Time to retreat.
No thanks to you!
[grunting]
Scoot over!
I can't when your
big butt's in the way!
Try going on
a diet!
Why don't you do
something about your
huge boobs first!
How rude!
Please, just hang in
there, Seiya!
Let go.
[gasping]
What, did you not
hear me?! I said
to let go!
It's your fault
that Seiya got
hurt like this.
[grunting]
[gasping]
We won't stop you
from protecting this
planet, but don't
drag the three of us
into your fight!
You're the reason
for everything bad
that's happened to
us, Sailor Moon!
What a terrible
thing to say!
Don't come near us
from now on!
Good bye.
Is that true? Am I
really the cause of
all their problems?
Seiya got hurt
because of me. I want
to apologize, but
Haruka said to stay
away from him. What
should I do?
Please, listen to my
song, Bun-head.
I want to tell
you everything.
Seiya's song sounds
different.
It's almost like
I can feel his pain.
Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Truth
Revealed:
The Star Lights' Past."
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.